help/control-panel-tutorials/control-panel-overview.md, before:

---
title: Control Panel - Overview
description: Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.
landing-page-description: Adobe Campaign Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.
feature: Control Panel
doc-type: feature video
activity: use
team: PM
role: Admin
level: Experienced
recommendations: noDisplay
exl-id: 67b35ad4-bd46-441a-a3e3-402937678770
---
# Control Panel -  Overview

Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.

## Staff Picks

<table>
<tr>
<td>
    <a href="./get-started.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/kt-6385.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./get-started.md">
    <strong>Get started with Control Panel</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to access the Control Panel and what the prerequisites are to be able to work with the control panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
  <td>
    <a href="./instance-settings/gpg-key-management/generate-and-install-gpg-keys.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/36386.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./instance-settings/gpg-key-management/generate-and-install-gpg-keys.md">
    <strong>Generate and install GPG keys for data encryption</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to connect to your SFTP server using a client SFTP application, using the keys you have stored in the Control Panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
  <td>
    <a href="./sftp-management/connect-to-sftp-server.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/27263.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./sftp-management/connect-to-sftp-server.md">
    <strong>Connecting to an SFTP Server</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to connect to your SFTP server using a client SFTP application, using the keys you have stored in the Control Panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
</tr>
</table>

## Additional resources

* [Control Panel Help Center](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/control-panel/using/control-panel-home.html?lang=en)

Commit message:

added link to release notes and updated TOC

help/control-panel-tutorials/control-panel-overview.md, after:

---
title: Control Panel - Overview
description: Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.
landing-page-description: Adobe Campaign Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.
feature: Control Panel
doc-type: feature video
activity: use
team: PM
role: Admin
level: Experienced
recommendations: noDisplay
exl-id: 67b35ad4-bd46-441a-a3e3-402937678770
---
# Control Panel -  Overview

Control Panel allows Adobe Campaign administrators to monitor key assets and perform administrative tasks, such as managing the SFTP storage by instance, allow listing IP addresses, or managing GPG keys.

See the [Release Notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/control-panel/using/release-notes.html) information on the latest product releases.

## Staff Picks

<table>
<tr>
<td>
    <a href="./get-started.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/kt-6385.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./get-started.md">
    <strong>Get started with Control Panel</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to access the Control Panel and what the prerequisites are to be able to work with the control panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
  <td>
    <a href="./instance-settings/gpg-key-management/generate-and-install-gpg-keys.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/36386.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./instance-settings/gpg-key-management/generate-and-install-gpg-keys.md">
    <strong>Generate and install GPG keys for data encryption</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to connect to your SFTP server using a client SFTP application, using the keys you have stored in the Control Panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
  <td>
    <a href="./sftp-management/connect-to-sftp-server.md">
      <img alt="Connect to a SFTP Server" src="./assets/27263.jpg" />
    </a>
    <div>
      <a href="./sftp-management/connect-to-sftp-server.md">
    <strong>Connecting to an SFTP Server</strong>
    </a>
    </div>
    <p>
    <em>Learn how to connect to your SFTP server using a client SFTP application, using the keys you have stored in the Control Panel. </em>
    <p>
  </td>
</tr>
</table>

## Additional resources

* [Control Panel Help Center](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/control-panel/using/control-panel-home.html?lang=en)
